/*Capstone Project Week 1-4



Definition Statement:

I want to build an app that connects minorities, underrepresented people, and people who lack the financial means to fund their tech dream. With bootcamps, government programs, and private people and entities who need motivated tech individuals.

Definition of Audience:

Minorities, Underrepresented people in tech, People who can't afford college or bootcamps on their own.

Outline of content

What do I want on each page? (text / pics / images / navigation):

What do I want the functionality of each page to be?

Home- welcome to my page access other pages sign in

Login- login to my website

Contact-Contact us

About- information about business

Resources- info on bootcamps funding etc

What is the purpose of my application?

The purpose of my application is to connect people who want to got a boot camp but lacks the funds to go. Though still has the drive

What business problem or real world problem am I going to be solving?

Connecting motivated people who want to break into tech with employers.

Color Palette

Purple, Black White.

Images

Images of bootcamp funding resources etc

Fonts

Calibri, TimesNewRoman

Logos

Custom Logos

Navigation

See wireframe/ story map

Resources

Indeed:



Dislikes: Having to use the cover letter skip function every time| some screens are “busy”

Working Nomads

Likes: Minimalistic color-coded categorization| subscription

Dislikes: No organization| Unlimited scroll wheel Cheap look

My Site

My site will be different by providing a minimalist page design with a professional design and a streamlined experience

Elevator Pitch

Hi, my name is Kendall Wilkes. I am 27 years old. I have a 4-year-old son. Tech, video games, and real estate are some of my hobbies. I chose Savvy because of their stellar reputation and also my early interaction with staff during the prework. I chose my capstone because I believe someone's out there trying to break into tech right now and I haven't created the website. The problem my capstone solves is that it helps non-traditional people to land roles in tech. This project was created using HTML CSS, JS.*/


